Refactored theme developer tutorial (#43)
discourse/discourse-developer-docs: docs/07-theme-developer-tutorial/05-components.md

        @action={{this.incrementCounter}}
      />
    </div>
  </template>
}
```

Lots going on here! Let's break it down:

1. We created a new `counter` field in the component, so we can keep track of an integer.

2. We imported the `@tracked` decorator and applied it to the `counter` field. This allows Ember's autotracking system to automatically re-render relevant parts of the DOM when the field value is changed

3. We created a new function in the component which will increment the counter when called
4. We imported the `@action` decorator and applied it to the `incrementCounter()` function. This makes the function usable from a template context. [^1]

5. We imported the `DButton` component, and added it to the template in a similar way to a regular HTML element. We passed three arguments to it: `@icon`, `@translatedLabel` and `@action`.

[^1]: technically: it creates a 'bound' version of the function for each component instance, and ensures the function runs in the context of an ember runloop

Once you've made those changes and saved, you should see the counter interface in the banner. Every time you click the button, the number will go up.

> Now we know how to use other components from our theme! To learn more about all of this, we recommend checkout out [the Ember guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/), and reading through code from other Discourse themes, plugins, or core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we know how to use other components from our theme! To learn more about all of this, we recommend you check out out [the Ember guides](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/), and read through code from other Discourse themes, plugins, or core.
```
